psychology is an interesting major. I would say it's it can be easy. In
some ways, it's easy because it's intuitive. I think there's a higher
degree of of, um, like intuition and just kind of a e. I mean, we're
all human beings, and psychology is the study of human beings.
Um and so I think that makes it very accessible and can make it kind
of intuitive and easy. On the other hand, psychology is a science and
eso while we may be studying human beings, we're doing that in a
very, uh, very kind of structured method. A logical way on DWI collect
data. And we analyzed data, which means we need to know things like
statistics and stuff like that. So I think that there are parts of
it that, um can be thought of is to be, like, harder or just more
challenging. Um, and then there are parts that are easier, but honestly,
I think the same can be said for every major